In this video we're going to add some better styling to our application.
Attached to this video make sure you download a file called something like AECOM 050 templates dot zip
inside of this zip file are a couple of different updates to the templates we've been working on so
far so our layouts are sign in and our sign up all the javascript code inside these templates is absolutely
identical.
All I did was add in some additional HDMI elements to get everything looking a little bit better than
how it looks right now.
So in this video we're going to unzip this thing where we want to merge in some files inside there with
our current project.
So let's get to it right away.
Make sure you download that zip file.
Once you do unzip it and then we'll take a look at this files directory.
So inside of here are three JavaScript files and one CSF file the layout sign in and sign it up J.S.
files.
We're going to merge inside of our project with our existing JavaScript files and then the main dot
CFS file.
We're gonna figure out how to deal with separately in just a moment.
So to merge in all these files we're just going to copy paste the contents of each one and paste them
into our sign and sign up in layout dot J.S. to first start out with the layout dot J.S. file it's going
to find the zipped up version here's the version I just downloaded right here I'm going to drag it and
drop it into my editor to open it up so inside of here right away I'm going to see if there is a lot
of additional HMO but at the end of the day the overall structure is just about identical to what we
had previously.
We've got some HDL tag at the top.
We've got a head a body and then at some point time we're injecting some content into our layout so
I'm going to take everything inside this layout dot j ust file that I just opened I'm going to copy
it and then going to open up the layout J.S. file inside of my project directory.
So here's the one that we have been working on.
I'll select everything inside of here.
Delete it and then paste in the updated version I'll then save my local layout dot J as file okay.
Let's now repeat that process two times again.
So I got to close both those next up I'll find my site in J as file.
I'm going to drag that and drop it into my editor I'll copy everything inside of here.
Open up my off sign and Dot.
So this is my local file.
Here's the local one right here.
I'm gonna select everything inside of here.
Delete it and paste it so I'll save that now it's the last one I'm going to find sign.
Update us drag it and drop it highlight everything copy it.
Go to sign up J.S. highlight everything delete it and then paste in the updates
okay.
That's pretty much it now that we've got all these updates inside of here.
I can make sure I saved all the files that I've changed.
I'll then go back over to my browser and refresh the page right away.
I can see something that looks at least a little bit better than what we had before.
However if you look at the header it looks like a link right here is not quite where it needs to be.
In fact you might see something like that right there.
So here's the issue.
If you open up your network request tab and refresh the page you'll see that there is a request in red
right here for a main dot SS file because that request is in red.
It means that the browser failed to make a request to that endpoint.
If we take a look at the updated layout dot J.S. file that we just pasted in inside of here you'll see
that inside the head tag there's a link for a local may not see SS file.
So essentially we now have a CSX file that our e-mail document is trying to reference but that file
doesn't exactly exist inside of our project yet the main Nazi SS file is inside of that zip that we
just downloaded.
There it is right there.
So we need to figure out how we can use Xpress to somehow link up this may not see SS file in the past
in order to get access to a CSX file we just added in a set single link tag like so and I just made
sure that that CSX file is in the same directory as our index not each single file.
So this time around there really isn't indexed on e-mail file.
There's also not really any single location inside of here where I think we could drop this file and
have it be served up to the browser.
So let's take a quick pause right here.
When we come back the next video we're gonna figure out the correct way to reference a link using express
and actually serve up that C Ss file to our browser so quick pause and I'll see you in just a minute.